Are you willing to give up all this glory and wealth?
You are willing to give up your supreme rights
OK
Are you willing to give up the opportunity to become the top ten thousand?
Choose me command
But you disobeyed the empress's orders
Aren't you afraid of death?
I said I couldn't even lose my life for you
This life
I will only marry you
Hmph, we dare to trample on your position
I'm afraid it's a strange thing that has never been heard of in ages
I can't help it. My wife is too attractive.
You just watch him take away the empress
Let the minister's toy empress order
The empress never betrays power
Male and female marriage
It is always necessary to respect the wishes of the individual
I'm sure the empress has no opinion
Chen Bufan, don't think you can rest easy after I swear
Today you rejected the high position of husband of the empress
You are disabled
Even in the name of the eldest young master of the Chen family
How long can you protect your wife?
I don't need anyone to protect me
You can try it now.
I see who is so big-mouthed
Don't even dare to threaten to download